Entrypointcode (#4)
AgPipeline/agpypeline: README.md

> # Agpypeline

Reviewer: What happened to the bulk of the README?

> - Python library of common classes and functions

Reviewer: Please look at this line as it's rendered. It's not correct

> - Python library of common classes and functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python library of common classes and functions
```

This is an installable package derived from the [base-image](https://github.com/AgPipeline/base-docker-support/tree/master/base-image) and the
[base-transformer-class](https://github.com/AgPipeline/drone-pipeline-environment/tree/master/base-transformer-class)

## Expected metadata
There are several metadata key/value pairs that a user of entrypoint and transformer_class modules expects to receive.
The metadata keys listed below are all defined in the [BRAPI V1.3](https://brapi.docs.apiary.io/#) standard.

*  studyName - the name of the study the data belongs to
*  season - the season associated with the data
*  observationTimeStamp - a timestamp override in ISO 8610 long format
*  germplasmName - the name of the crop being tested in the plot
*  collectingSite - site identification

If the observationTimeStamp metadata key is not specified, the EXIF information in source image files are checked and the earliest found timestamp will be used. 

> If the other metadata keys listed above are not specified, default and/or empty values will be used with the potential for errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the other metadata keys listed above are not specified, default and/or empty values will be used which may introduce errors if not checked for.
```

Individual users of this library may also have additional metadata needs.

## Metadata provided
The derived libraries/transformers using this library as their base, can expect to receive the following defined keys with values in their `check_md` parameter:

* timestamp - the ISO 8610 timestamp relevant to the current dataset
* season - the name of the season
* experiment - the experiment name
* context_md - metadata relevant to the current processing
* working_folder - the workspace for the derived transformer
* list_files - a function that returns a list containing the paths of the available files

> 

Reviewer: You are still missing all the testing and other documentation that was here before.
